hello my name is daniel I'm going to
talk about the weird names that also
the revenge of the dads towards us
for something we did not do to them and then
to start my full name is dan
ismael
I do not know what is thinking of my dad and
my mom made this animal combo
but I could not stay with her if
I'm a twin and I'll get the future
I bani israel to the people so that
forgive Israel and animal we have
had to do with that all of life the
name of my brother thank you
but because we put the name of the
great whore or me in movies with the
nice publishers because I've
caught some pretty from small but
zidane and badly go israel that was a
revenge in same habitat I explain
why and why do I think they wore
a year with my older brother to him
They put a normal name, Jhon Jairo
a year with this adif plan and loads
it bothered me a lot I do not know they were
bored and they wanted to do something and not
we remove with these guys with those
rare names you have to live
complexed all their lives and they are not going to
bother only if it succeeds
and then we had him seven years
and my younger sister was born yes
and they were already blowjobs with us and they
they retaliated with them they put on the
Marxist Eva Line
in the line of marketing a greeting
little sisters, I will not learn you because
he divulged his name but it's nice to
that it's nice that the line eva marseille
it's real you do not need to order it without
last names find it in any
side of the world and I had told him that
it was a revenge to my mom because
because my mom bought it from you
to for the line the line where
you come by name is now my grandmother and not
gave me during or if he told me and I did not
agreement but there they had put a
name normalito rosa nelly I do not know if
this my grandfather annoyed a lot and says
bored but to retaliate with my mom
the end in my family and a list of
names that the god of mine one of my
cousins ​​feel proud when a
man just like me I give them the same him
I feel proud but there are others who
nor for the whores they would not reveal in
I'm very sorry for them here
I'm going to name everything
be for your sake so that you
make a good recognition and we started
with my very dear cousin
it's called william császár and manuel
william tacharía manuel of three names
he is the eldest son the firstborn
they had to reward yes but then he was born
my other cousin the brother he is called
fernando
Hernando salute the truth and
already hernando and is the younger sister of
she the little sister of them
completely proud of his name and
is the most Bacano name is called
christel chilena belén belencita si
chris chase vélez
I do not know if they smoked if they
they repealed yes
I do not know if they were demonized or something
but movie on with all this
generation of children and let's name them
rare that they are unique the only
game because the name was not changed
your
it does not matter I got used to it but good and
now the other cousin who is called alba ni
blend and it does not last for me they go and
I enjoy posting the name but
good to the law that every time and there is a
friend who is called sara dabeiba and every
my nephew pingüi I is better
I think dabeiba is written with v I them
not that name so features as I see
concrete to them
but have arrangements and do the first
girlfriend my brother
fillón this is called from nothing is a
real man I know her because the first
Bani's girlfriend finished it when they went to
meet a month that why not bring the
gift to gift
celebrate the first month and she has a
sister who is called talking to a
greeting have come if anyone knows of
they say is that we say hello
We have many years without seeing them and
well for that reason the man who congratulated the
mum dad ai qing and he passed me the
name of a friend of hers is called ya
rosary beads
responsible with greeting and add to the
rosary that is bell
you can not do these things and
without asking them but one grows in a
wall like what you want to call without walnut me
I want to call me anderson jon
anderson and not lie there is an anderson
steenwijk and there's my friend john & vi
that's the only one that I've heard
it is combination wine is wrong what
listened to my life here is another one to me
name is so nice dan ismael that my
sister lavinia should love herself there
she feels so proud of my name that she
She puts her baby
nephew I understand it I understand
any all ask me if not
complex
who are going to laugh from combined
many times but now the same as
still what he has life to overcome
the assets
oh my dear friend of iron jefferson
is another combo is not that weird but
is that a combined iron jefferson and
thanks to my nephew they put tayron
thomas and by albert the very large list
of names
that someone has not made life easier
another has become terrible because many
sometimes combine the names with an h in
intermediate and if one is going to do some
diligence and you misspelled him and
returns the papers yes but the world
for me they go israel because when he is
the math teacher but I am
public and my name is radial vanish
he taught math and they were called by
please the teacher organizes will be
thinking that she was a woman
and after many people answered me that already
I knew the order please meat and not
give them and go and danny
in such a way a greeting to all those who
gave this nest if you have a name
rara publish this video on your wall efe
with social networks if you have a friend
that has that weird name there that in
this video send it out and highlight
a little bit of life all the names
what dimensions are beautiful are rare
they are unique
you are special and you are referring
many wish bye bye